# Inflation, Block Rewards, and Eventual Market Efficiency

* We want to design mechanisms for long-term use with the expectation of eventual market efficiency. In doing so, we contain the threat that inflation poses to the economic sovereignty of passive holders. 
* market efficiency is a stronger assumption => prefer closed loops
* eventual market efficiency
* *this turns into an article against Block Rewards...but that's not the point either*; the real point should be that even in inefficient markets, supply increases will *eventually* trigger decreases in price. If prices continue to increase, that doesn't mean that markets are inefficient; just means that prices would have increased more otherwise. Think about it in purely economic terms => assume that only demand drives price...even so, if there are less units, then each unit will be worth more. 
* When designing our own mechanisms, it is preferrable to assume market efficiency rather than a lack thereof. Stronger assumptions ensure that we limit threats to the economic sovereignty of the designated asset holders . 

**Should Go Through This Somewhere; maybe cache this and tweet storm it later?**
As an example, let's consider the scenario in which a DAO receives thousands of proposals to mint new shares in a short time period. While calculating expected dilution from the acceptance of a single proposal is not unbearable, the complexity blows up when users consider the probability of a proposal's acceptance in the context of all the other submitted proposals. To make such a system work, significant UI innovation must occur to make the hidden costs of inflation clear to DAO members(**`*`**)
* Even then, the inherent unpredictability of proposal acceptance makes it extremely unlikely that any coordination DAO will ever work...the proof goes something like this; let's say we have a system that *perfectly* predicts the probability of proposal passage; this system will influence the proposal passage, thereby changing the true probabilities in inherently unpredictable ways
* one system we could borrow from would be something like the Fed where guidance is given by the DAO members regarding the areas they would like to fund and how much funding they would like to provide.